DOCSP-45863-embedded-verifier-migrations (#557)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/includes/fact-verifier-limitations.rst

.. include:: /includes/fact-verifier-unsupported

> .. note:: 

Reviewer: can we also include this note:

`
“Mongosync preserves document field-order based on what it reads using read preference primary from the source cluster. The embedded verifier will verify documents based on the source cluster’s primary node. It will not be able to verify discrepancies among the different source cluster nodes. In rare cases, discrepancies among the different source cluster’s nodes will cause the embedded verifier to fail a migration.”
`

at the top of the page? This applies to _all_ migrations

Reviewer 2: lgtm % changing `In rare cases, discrepancies among the different source cluster’s nodes will cause the embedded verifier to fail a migration` to `In rare cases, discrepancies in document field order among the source cluster’s nodes will cause the embedded verifier to fail a migration even if mongosync copied documents correctly`

It may also make sense to mention that the only case where this can happen is if an election occurs.

Reviewer: can we note that this issue can only occur in rare cases?

Author: Just to double check my understanding is it that _any_ time an election occurs this can happen or just a small portion of elections? @ajayvijayakumar123 @rohshar

Reviewer: Discrepancies among different source cluster nodes only happen in very rare cases. Even if there is a discrepancy, an election may not even surface the issue and cause the verifier to fail. I think we can just say that this issue is rare in general.

>    Starting in version 1.10, the verifier checks metadata and indexes 

Reviewer: I think it would be clearer to instead say `The verifier checks if there’s a data inconsistency from a DDL event that occurred on the source when migrating from a pre-6.0 source cluster.`

 We could then link to the new pre-6.0 migrations limitations [section](https://deploy-preview-522--docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync.netlify.app/reference/limitations/#pre-6.0-migrations) or just add the bullet about DDL events to this page too.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention metadata or indexes since that's an implementation detail in how we're checking for DDL events. @mvankeulen94 thoughts here?

Author: gotcha! updating

.. include:: /includes/fact-verifier-unsupported

.. note:: 

   Starting in version 1.10, the verifier checks for data inconsistencies from 

>    a :ref:`DDL event <c2c-older-version-limitations>` that occurred on the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :ref:`DDL events <c2c-older-version-limitations>` that occurred on the 
```

Reviewer: Could we also note here that DDL events are unsupported in pre-6.0 migrations?
